60
george_washington 5 1 visionary 1 courageous 1 disciplined 0 stubborn 0 aloof
thomas_jefferson 5 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 1 principled 0 reserved 0 indecisive
abraham_lincoln 5 1 courageous 1 compassionate 1 principled 0 indecisive 0 aloof
theodore_roosevelt 5 1 energetic 1 determined 1 charismatic 0 impulsive 0 stubborn
franklin_d_roosevelt 5 1 charismatic 1 empathetic 1 determined 0 reserved 0 cautious
john_f_kennedy 5 1 charismatic 1 visionary 1 courageous 0 indecisive 0 aloof
ronald_reagan 5 1 charismatic 1 diplomatic 1 optimistic 0 stubborn 0 aloof
richard_nixon 5 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 1 determined 0 paranoid 0 aloof
andrew_jackson 5 1 bold 1 determined 1 charismatic 0 impulsive 0 stubborn
dwight_d_eisenhower 5 1 disciplined 1 diplomatic 1 strategic 0 aloof 0 indecisive
woodrow_wilson 5 1 visionary 1 principled 1 intelligent 0 rigid 0 aloof
jimmy_carter 5 1 empathetic 1 principled 1 diplomatic 0 indecisive 0 aloof
george_h_w_bush 5 1 diplomatic 1 intelligent 1 strategic 0 aloof 0 reserved
bill_clinton 5 1 charismatic 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 0 impulsive 0 arrogant
george_w_bush 5 1 determined 1 strategic 1 decisive 0 stubborn 0 impulsive
barack_obama 5 1 eloquent 1 intelligent 1 charismatic 0 aloof 0 indecisive
abraham_lincoln 5 1 courageous 1 compassionate 1 principled 0 indecisive 0 aloof
herbert_hoover 5 1 pragmatic 1 intelligent 1 disciplined 0 aloof 0 reserved
calvin_coolidge 5 1 disciplined 1 principled 1 reserved 0 aloof 0 rigid
john_adams 5 1 principled 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 0 aloof 0 stubborn
john_quincy_adams 5 1 intelligent 1 principled 1 reserved 0 aloof 0 stubborn
martin_van_buren 5 1 diplomatic 1 strategic 1 intelligent 0 aloof 0 indecisive
franklin_pierce 5 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 1 reserved 0 aloof 0 indecisive
james_buchanan 5 1 reserved 1 principled 1 diplomatic 0 indecisive 0 aloof
abraham_lincoln 5 1 courageous 1 compassionate 1 principled 0 indecisive 0 aloof
lyndon_b_johnson 5 1 determined 1 strategic 1 diplomatic 0 arrogant 0 aloof
herbert_hoover 5 1 pragmatic 1 intelligent 1 disciplined 0 aloof 0 reserved
richard_nixon 5 1 intelligent 1 diplomatic 1 determined 0 paranoid 0 aloof

thomas_edison 5 1 innovative 1 determined 1 resourceful 0 impractical 0 stubborn
nikola_tesla 5 1 creative 1 visionary 1 ingenious 0 eccentric 0 impulsive
marie_curie 5 1 brilliant 1 diligent 1 focused 0 reclusive 0 aloof
leonardo_da_vinci 5 1 imaginative 1 versatile 1 analytical 0 distracted 0 inconsistent
alexander_graham_bell 5 1 inventive 1 curious 1 logical 0 obsessive 0 reserved
galileo_galilei 5 1 pioneering 1 logical 1 meticulous 0 stubborn 0 defiant
isaac_newton 5 1 analytical 1 brilliant 1 disciplined 0 aloof 0 rigid
james_watt 5 1 industrious 1 resourceful 1 innovative 0 reserved 0 hesitant
wright_brothers 5 1 ambitious 1 creative 1 collaborative 0 impractical 0 reckless
steve_jobs 5 1 visionary 1 charismatic 1 innovative 0 demanding 0 impatient
johannes_gutenberg 5 1 inventive 1 persistent 1 meticulous 0 obscure 0 reserved
samuel_morse 5 1 ingenious 1 determined 1 resourceful 0 obsessive 0 impatient
alexander_fleming 5 1 brilliant 1 curious 1 diligent 0 reserved 0 impulsive
benjamin_franklin 5 1 innovative 1 versatile 1 logical 0 distracted 0 reserved
george_washington_carver 5 1 resourceful 1 inventive 1 curious 0 obscure 0 hesitant
tim_berners_lee 5 1 visionary 1 diligent 1 analytical 0 reserved 0 demanding
grace_hopper 5 1 brilliant 1 disciplined 1 innovative 0 aloof 0 rigid
charles_babbage 5 1 analytical 1 ingenious 1 logical 0 stubborn 0 impractical
ada_lovelace 5 1 brilliant 1 visionary 1 disciplined 0 reserved 0 impulsive
thomas_savery 5 1 resourceful 1 inventive 1 industrious 0 obscure 0 hesitant
eli_whitney 5 1 innovative 1 determined 1 meticulous 0 impractical 0 reserved
henry_ford 5 1 resourceful 1 industrious 1 disciplined 0 stubborn 0 rigid
robert_fulton 5 1 inventive 1 ambitious 1 determined 0 impractical 0 reckless
guglielmo_marconi 5 1 brilliant 1 resourceful 1 innovative 0 impulsive 0 reserved
james_clerk_maxwell 5 1 analytical 1 brilliant 1 disciplined 0 aloof 0 impractical
alessandro_volta 5 1 inventive 1 meticulous 1 curious 0 reserved 0 hesitant
herman_hollerith 5 1 ingenious 1 disciplined 1 analytical 0 aloof 0 rigid
blaise_pascal 5 1 brilliant 1 creative 1 logical 0 reserved 0 impractical
antonio_meucci 5 1 inventive 1 diligent 1 curious 0 obscure 0 hesitant
otto_von_guericke 5 1 resourceful 1 pioneering 1 meticulous 0 impulsive 0 reserved